OSDOCS-17013-bm-upi-4: CQAs bare metal UPI doc (#104267)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-dns-user-infra.adoc

[id="installation-dns-user-infra_{context}"]
= User-provisioned DNS requirements

[role="_abstract"]

> In {product-title} deployments, you must ensure cluster components meet certain DNS name resolution criteria for internal communication, certificate validation, and automated node discover purposes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In {product-title} deployments, you must ensure that cluster components meet certain DNS name resolution criteria for internal communication, certificate validation, and automated node discovery purposes.
```
node discovery?
